hello to everyone thierry pons simple
iphone today we will proceed to
unpacking the ipad mini I'm
fetched there is little time
did not rush there was not
too many people
it is available anyway for this
this version this version 16 giga wifi
that I took in black because black
because everything is black at home I tell you
black like iphone like ipad
etc., etc
this is the
so here you have the ipad mini ipad
safe mini for you finally small
comparison with above or below
of the 9.7-inch ipad box including
you see it's a lot smaller
really impressed me when bar
when we put back in hand I think and its
little ones and I was impressed
so here I have
I have not opened yet this ipad
but I want to cons the
cellophane unfolding his fans it serves
not much
I own at the opening and that's my
new small ipad mini I remove
employees there you take in hand it's a
little impression it is a cetain it is
an ipad past it's a tablet it's
it's light it's fine it's finally beautiful
for me in any case here are the
two islands of protection and I am
found with my little table and in the
I do not have a small one
hand so see I take it enough
easily still very easily
in the hand this little tablet then
what was barreteau
obviously the button the home button
I do not know if you see that located
there as on other ipad and others
iphone
below the port
the dup the lightning will be pin on
the left slice when we hold
Here the frequency of left there
nothing at all it's all smooth just the
aluminum part on the back logo
apple is there the little camera on the
right slice relief finds
and red bart do not want the volume buttons
at low volume the quad is turned on
little button of what to disable the
volume you listen it's pretty much
all the jack jack them sensible and yes
so his jack is not sweeping like
the iphone is not located l epa support
at the palace so on the part
superior in water
here is the front camera listen here
what is for the tablet here is this
that it is for the tablet where
do not work with you very very
wrong because it's really dark on
black as the apple and black logo on
black unlike the aluminum back
of the ipad 2 do it 7 inches there one
well distinguish the logo ipad lo
tiempo young while we are small
size comparison
I hope you see it well
not obvious it's really small 1 it's
not unpleasant
so inside the box they get
find and of course yours
that would make me an extra cap for
iphone for iphone 5 is the new
lightning cable that's the little
documentation that goes with you we're going
obviously I am also a good boss
since it is not a version
cellular
that's classic and the adapter
the AC adapter to charge this
mini ipad
So here it is left almost
remains for me to give it a try I
will offer you in another video
games I'll be putting a movie somewhere
thing on to see how that
then works yes there may be some
little indications behind so when
even
it's stipulated bombshell to let him shiga
make sense for this version and then minc
senna yesterday normally itunes will be
to the angels itunes is not available
his lands by it was planned for
end of October but it will only be for me
November so itunes are eleven there in
being 10 points and 8 months for you go
get along with anyway that's true
worked I think I would not have
all
this day a lack of display whatever
something like that on itunes pretty much
everything here is this tablet side but
their perfect in a game is not
still lit that I do not unpack it
in front of you but really fm for
listen we meet later and so
see you later on simply